contributions.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: My Open Source Contributions
permalink: /contributions/
---

<!--
The first column, Contribution, must be a hyperlink to the actual contribution,
such as the Wikipedia edit or pull request, etc., with a suitable name.
Type of the contribution should be "Wikipedia edit", "OpenStreet Map feature",
"Project Documentation", "Project Code", "Blog Edit", etc.

The Description should include a brief summary of what you did.

Replace the first row below with your contribution and add new ones below it
following the same syntax.

-->





| Week # | Contribution (Link) | Type | Description |
|---|:---|:---|:---|
| 2 | [Added Hawaiian Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/80766469) | OpenStreetMap | Added "PokéBowl Station + Mars Tea", a Hawaiian-themed restaurant in Brooklyn, NY. Also added the hours of the restaurant, the phone number, the website, and other miscellaneous information. |
| 3 | [Added Chinese Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81139681) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Tak Hing", a Chinese restaurant, in Brooklyn, and their phone number, and their hours. |
| 3 | [Added Vietnamese Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81143390) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Phở 86", a Vietnamese restaurant in Brooklyn. Included hours of operation and telephone number. |
| 3 | [Added Asian Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81143564) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Kushi", an Asian Fusion restaurant in Brooklyn. Included hours of operation, telephone number, and website. |
| 3 | [Added Hong Kong Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81143782) | OpenStreetMap | Added "New HK Tea & Sushi", a Hong Kong restaurant in Brooklyn. Included hours of operation and telephone number. |
| 3 | [Added Dessert Place](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81143904) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Prince Tea House", a dessert shop in Brooklyn. Included hours of operation and telephone number. |   
| 4 | [Keisuke Blog Edit](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/Ks5810-weekly/pull/2) | Blog Edit | Submitted and merged a pull request for Keisuke's Week 1 blog to polish the wording of his first paragraph. |
| 5 | [Added Coffee Place](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81665904) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Coffee Rx" to OpenStreetMap in Brooklyn. |
| 6 | [Added Japanese Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81947039) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Hayashi Sushi" a Japanese restaurant in Brooklyn, plus other relevant information about the establishment. |
| 6 | [Daniel Blog Edit](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/dmallia17-weekly/pull/3) | Blog Edit | Submitted a pull request for Daniel's Week 4 blog, fixed minor grammar issues. |
| 7 | [Boubacar Blog Edit](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/boubascript-weekly/pull/2) | Blog Edit | Submitted a pull request for Boubacar's Week 3 blog, fixed minor grammar issue. |
| 8 | [Wikipedia Contribution](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Monster_Hunter:_World&oldid=947220108) | Wikipedia | Fixed multiple grammar errors in the Monster Hunter: World Gameplay section. |

Commit message:

added wikipedia contribution for hunter college

contributions.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: My Open Source Contributions
permalink: /contributions/
---

<!--
The first column, Contribution, must be a hyperlink to the actual contribution,
such as the Wikipedia edit or pull request, etc., with a suitable name.
Type of the contribution should be "Wikipedia edit", "OpenStreet Map feature",
"Project Documentation", "Project Code", "Blog Edit", etc.

The Description should include a brief summary of what you did.

Replace the first row below with your contribution and add new ones below it
following the same syntax.

-->





| Week # | Contribution (Link) | Type | Description |
|---|:---|:---|:---|
| 2 | [Added Hawaiian Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/80766469) | OpenStreetMap | Added "PokéBowl Station + Mars Tea", a Hawaiian-themed restaurant in Brooklyn, NY. Also added the hours of the restaurant, the phone number, the website, and other miscellaneous information. |
| 3 | [Added Chinese Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81139681) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Tak Hing", a Chinese restaurant, in Brooklyn, and their phone number, and their hours. |
| 3 | [Added Vietnamese Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81143390) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Phở 86", a Vietnamese restaurant in Brooklyn. Included hours of operation and telephone number. |
| 3 | [Added Asian Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81143564) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Kushi", an Asian Fusion restaurant in Brooklyn. Included hours of operation, telephone number, and website. |
| 3 | [Added Hong Kong Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81143782) | OpenStreetMap | Added "New HK Tea & Sushi", a Hong Kong restaurant in Brooklyn. Included hours of operation and telephone number. |
| 3 | [Added Dessert Place](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81143904) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Prince Tea House", a dessert shop in Brooklyn. Included hours of operation and telephone number. |   
| 4 | [Keisuke Blog Edit](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/Ks5810-weekly/pull/2) | Blog Edit | Submitted and merged a pull request for Keisuke's Week 1 blog to polish the wording of his first paragraph. |
| 5 | [Added Coffee Place](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81665904) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Coffee Rx" to OpenStreetMap in Brooklyn. |
| 6 | [Added Japanese Restaurant](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81947039) | OpenStreetMap | Added "Hayashi Sushi" a Japanese restaurant in Brooklyn, plus other relevant information about the establishment. |
| 6 | [Daniel Blog Edit](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/dmallia17-weekly/pull/3) | Blog Edit | Submitted a pull request for Daniel's Week 4 blog, fixed minor grammar issues. |
| 7 | [Boubacar Blog Edit](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/boubascript-weekly/pull/2) | Blog Edit | Submitted a pull request for Boubacar's Week 3 blog, fixed minor grammar issue. |
| 8 | [Wikipedia Contribution](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Monster_Hunter:_World&diff=prev&oldid=947220108) | Wikipedia | Fixed multiple grammar errors in the Monster Hunter: World Gameplay section. |
| 8 | [Wikipedia Contribution](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hunter_College&diff=prev&oldid=947221499) | Wikipedia | Updated the acceptance rate of Hunter College, corrected name of Yalow program and fixed minor grammar issue. |
