---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


###### Week of February 3rd, 2020 - February 9th, 2020 
Honestly speaking, whenever OSSD class ends, I always feel a rush of motivation to keep going further than what the class left off at. On Monday, February 3rd, I was introduced to add-on development, specifically for the Firefox browser. I had always wanted to create an extension, but always shied away from doing so, since it seemed pretty intimidating. After class ended that day, I felt a lot more confident about it and was pretty excited to get more hands-on experience with extension development. However, this feeling of excitement died down when I was faced with the reality that I had to finish my priorities from other classes before I could even touch add-on development again. The same happened with Thursday's class session, where the class ended off at FOSS project searching. During class, I found huge lists of possible open source video games and web applications I could contribute to, and got a huge rush of excitement from browsing through them. Like, *who knew GIMP was open source*? After class, I immediately made a SourceForge account and started browsing through open source software, conveniently running into familiar title names. Again, this rush of excitement died down when I was met with other class obligations soon after. 

Though other classwork took up a majority of my time, I still indiscriminately sought out open source projects to work on. I am currently in a Google mentoring program set up by the Daedalus Honors program, where three computer science honors students get paired with a mentor from Google. This week my mentor, Kristen, introduced us mentees to 3 software engineers at Google, whom we learned a lot about. One of the software engineers we met worked on open source software at Google, specifically, [material components](https://github.com/material-components) designs. The engineer, Laticia, showed us a quick demo and I thought it was super cool and exciting! I told her about the OSSD course I was taking, and she welcomed me to contribute to the project on GitHub. I will definitely take this into consideration when considering open source contributions to work on.

With this being said, I _**can't wait**_ to make open source contributions throughout this semester. I know I'm speaking big ideas right now, with no real pragmatic route so far, but hear me out. These are some ways I want to contribute:

- For one thing, I am already an avid contributor for Google Maps, but I always grew impatient with waiting for my changes to get approved. So, I already jumped the gun a little bit and was curious on trying out [OpenStreetMap](https://www.openstreetmap.org/) while sitting in a Hawaiian-themed restaurant in Brooklyn. So, I pulled up the website and filled in the details of the establishment I was sitting right in. Details about the contribution can be found in the contributions tab [here](https://hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020.github.io/wongjessica-weekly/contributions/). My point is, I found it _amazing_ that my changes were in effect right when I clicked save, they were published in _real-time_. It felt nice to make a direct impact, and I can't wait to make more contributions to OpenStreetMap! The information on there for that entire block was empty, so I will definitely go back one day to fill in the rest.

- As mentioned before, I have already found a ton of possible open source projects I'd love to contribute to, like the material-components repository owned by Google. Specifically, I want to help find new bugs, submit feature requests, and add code documentation! Of course, this goes for any FOSS.

- On top of it all, I want to contribute by writing code. Whether it be optimizing software runtime or just adding a button, I want to incorporate my programming skills into a FOSS project.

Let's be real, the satisfaction we get from contributing to something and, thus, making an **impact** feels so great. But of course, there are other benefits to consider.
##### Benefits to my Skills
- Communication and collaboration skills are something that I admit I lack in, and I think contributions to FOSS can help me in the aspect that I may have to communicate with core-contributors to get the concept of my feature request across, or maybe I would have to thoroughly explain how to reproduce a certain bug I encountered. 
- I am always looking to expand my knowledge in various tools and technologies. For instance, Google's open source [material-components-ios](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-ios) designs are mainly written in Objective-C and Swift, so, if I were to contribute to it, then I would have to familiarize myself with those technologies.
- I want to learn more about the best practices for coding and formatting. I know that some are specific to each company, and referring to the Google Style Guides mentioned in class, it may benefit me in a technical interview if the interviewer at Google sees that I am already programming in the way Google wants me to code in.
##### Benefits for my Career
- I saw Mozilla open source contributions on someone's resumé, and I even asked the Google engineers if I should put open source contributions on my resumé, and they unanimously said yes! Listing contributions to open source projects can definitely boost my resumé, and I will definitely not miss the chance to. 
- To add on, if a recruiter sees it on my resumé, I would be more than happy to talk about my contributions, and hopefully, that will be my gateway into a technical interview.
##### Benefits to my Network
- I can grow my personal network when I collaborate with the FOSS project's community: the founder (hopefully), core-contributors, non-core contributors, new contributors, and users alike.
- I know I'm talking about this again, but I think I bonded with the engineer at Google by being able to talk about open source software with her and I am excited to keep in contact with her regarding FOSS.
##### Benefits from Preparation
- Not too sure about what this means, but I think it is already a given that open source contributing will prepare me for the real world. The technology industry universe operates in a similar way the open source community does, where, to my knowledge, users/stakeholders submit bug tickets and feature requests, just like in open source. The FOSS contribution experience is undoubtedly crucial to my growth as a developer, and if I want to keep pursuing my dream as a software engineer, I would need to absorb as much as I can from this course.

~ Jessica Wong

